# Makar thesis: 
- the traditional transfer of knowledge mode through presentation is wack
- pragmatic 'critical thinking'
	- holistic growth and being real. not clouded by the rigid structure of scoring system
	- theoretical competence and not real life performance; it's very one dimensional. Hence, it only promotes growth 1 dimensionally while individual has many dimensions they could grow from. In conjunction, the inflexible judgement (if you don't follow what the program lays out, you're fucked) is counter-productive at best, and discriminatory at worst. (I've dealt with this personally)
	- 'the future will require more intellectual labor' also nice for a cohesive society and good democracy, but politics so gg go next. 
	- Virtual playground
		- I think virtual playground would be useful as a tool but not the core of education just like the traditional knowledge presentation, clubs, etc. We should be able to 'make our own major'. What i mean by that is fuck the prerequisites and major constraints, or any other traditional constraints for that matter. The institution should be constantly be reminded about the essence of education, which is promoting holistic growth. It shouldn't be making a good engineer, coder, doctor, etc; it should be making a stellar individual who wants to do something meaningful. Even if it's making a good engineer, traditional schools... erhem... UCD is fkin suck to put it mildly. What do you mean students are not allowed to work on personal projects at the ESDC?? What do you mean the instructors have to force the class average to be B?!?! 
		- I think im getting a bit side track, buttttt..... There should be more alternatives that center around experinces (human experience and technical experience). Virtual playground could help, projects help, mentorship help, etc. The job of the institution should be finding and implementing those things, knowing what makes a good human. You wanna know about algebra? Come see the wizard at bainer 2071; you want to talk to an expert on aliens? go see the guy wearing kilt in Roessler; you want to build a glider? here's the list of ppl and resources that can help....  "didactic information available in the explorative learning process to be sought out by the learner is how people learn, and is the fundamental experience of everybody trying to learn something in the world" 
	- Definitely agree that certain world constraints should be removed like monetary, flunking out, etc. Although some people kinda need some fire on their asses to snap out of things (me lol). To this, idk how to remedy without the 'bread and butter' factor. 

#